nhcb: Add global config option for convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb (#16226)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

# 0 results in the smallest supported factor (which is currently ~1.0027 or
# schema 8, but might change in the future).
[ native_histogram_min_bucket_factor: <float> | default = 0 ]

> # Specifies whether to convert scraped classic histograms from this into
> # native histogram with custom buckets.

Reviewer: I haven't checked the width of columns, but:

```suggestion
# Specifies whether to convert classic histograms into native histograms with
# custom buckets (has no effect without --enable-feature=native-histograms).
```

> [ convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb <bool> | default = false 
> or global.convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb if unset]

Reviewer: Taking a queue from above "scrape_interval".

```suggestion
[ convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb <bool> | default = <global_config.convert_classic_histograms_to_nhcb> ]
```
